docs: Mention that DELETE should be specified if mutation on deletion is required (#1348)
kyverno/website: content/en/docs/writing-policies/mutate.md

                imagePullPolicy: "IfNotPresent"
```

> Starting from kyverno `v1.11.2`, rules with mutations that trigger on deletion of a resource will be skipped unless explicitly specified that the `DELETE` operation should match

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from kyverno `v1.11.2`, mutate existing rules that trigger on deletion of a resource will be skipped unless explicitly specified that the `DELETE` operation should match
```

> For example, The following policy should add a label to a configmap when a deployment is created or updated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example,the following policy should add a label to a configmap when a deployment is created or updated
```
